The purpose of security testing is to find security gaps.
To prevent attackers from exploiting those,
they now have to be fixed.
Remediation planning helps security professionals understand
and prioritize which vulnerabilities matter most.
Not only is this good security practice,
but it can help save companies tons of legal and financial troubles in the long run.
By the end of this lesson,
you'll be able to conduct vulnerability research
using industry resources like Mitre's CVE framework.
You'll be able to validate scan results through
manual testing and apply business contexts,
and you'll also be able to prioritize security gaps
discovered and recommend remediation strategies. Now let's jump right in.
更多新版课程跟代码还有一对一VIP服务请加wx：udacity6